docs: add documentation about timestamp data type (#6853)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/scalar-functions.md

| any  | `STRING` | Converts the type to its string representation. |
| `VARCHAR` | `BOOLEAN` | Any string that exactly matches `true`, case-insensitive, is converted to `true`. Any other value is converted to `false`. |
| `VARCHAR` | `INT`, `BIGINT`, `DECIMAL`, `DOUBLE` | Converts string representation of numbers to number types. Conversion will fail if text does not contain a number or the number does not fit in the indicated type. |

> | `VARCHAR` | `TIMESTAMP` | Converts datestrings to `TIMESTAMP`. Conversion will fail if text is not in ISO-8601 format. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `VARCHAR` | `TIMESTAMP` | Converts datestrings to `TIMESTAMP`. Conversion fails if text is not in ISO-8601 format.     |
```
